c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.UI.exe.config
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.UI.exe
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.UI.pdb
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.Model.dll
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.ViewModel.dll
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.Model.pdb
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.Model.dll.config
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.ViewModel.pdb
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.g.resources
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.exe
c:\users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.pdb
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\NewWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Administracija korisnika\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\NewWindow.baml
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.UI.exe.config
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.UI.exe
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.UI.pdb
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.Model.dll
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.ViewModel.dll
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.Model.pdb
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.Model.dll.config
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\bin\Debug\Wpf.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\NewWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\NewWindow.baml
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.g.resources
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.exe
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\Wpf.UI.pdb
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\NewProduct.g.cs
C:\Users\disko\source\repos\Assignment - Aukciska prodaja\Wpf.UI\obj\Debug\NewProduct.baml
